Grandpa is already suspicious
We must get this vampire out as soon as possible
Grandpa
Then I'll go first
OK
Sir, why didn't you let me say it just now?
Miss, start by respecting our Lu family
I took more than ten billion before and after
Wan Zhen suffered a lot in the past
As long as he likes
It doesn't matter how much it costs.
Yes!
Besides, our Lu family has a great career
Only a few billion
Just take it
I just feel a little sorry
When my wife was alive
Sister Wenliang
But the lady doesn't seem to have inherited at all
Qualities of the Rich
Huzui, my precious granddaughter is also worthy of you to say
Oh yes I'm talking nonsense
Detective Lin
Aren't you going home to celebrate your daughter's birthday today?
Why do you have time to visit?
There is one thing I know I am ashamed of the Luo family
He came to apologize in person
You helped me find my precious granddaughter who was lost for 15 years
I haven't had time to thank you yet
Where did the sin come from?
Today is for the daughter of the Lu family
Previously, due to my negligence
I made a mistake, the daughter of the Lu family, I made a mistake